Cormorant is very much is this time that poured with you
Because I bought Tokyo at 4:18 am
Well I want to open it I want to eat it once opened
Day
no
Masu Tei
This is
Once it opens once, it's a variety of itasake sake famous places
Say part
Such things are various
I will put together in one
Well then
Plan with the main unit 28
I think that I will relate
Use 4 alkaline batteries at the end 4 of the bench
There is no next maker specification
Enter here
Bundle contains slightly
There are few, I am Tamagaki
So the number of body
Use this to use
Oh dear
It was about Sacchan's all
So what's in here
Mars doing it this way and Queen Good Fish
This land and he is remaining in the Tama pattern
It is a guy who puts out this way and puts out Ryoko Nakano until now
You are bad here
Here day
I'm really bent
17 shots of Tama from here
Edencher here
There is Negamee
A float semi-automatic of gold bullion school
It is also this
Semi and do towards the hot for you by dwelling units
If you go before
Immobile
Tteyuu I feel
Here at sukust
Actually press the button
It is our shop pair It is not hit even this large tag intention
I feel
House Chai def Well the shops backpack help Corps consecutive title
I do not know the bus of the ward where the small guard is rolling
I am not going to be here for a while I will go with a blow back gun
I can hear even in town shop which I now
Also here
Hmm
This I, which can be in great real
Let's hit it with Yao range or we can not say our head and it is Kinnai
I would like to see you again at Tamai this time
It's a song
Nde is prohibited flying to hate this also over tomorrow
It is a guy who was spending money on paternity
th
A woman who breaks up
Opened
This is definitive telling sweet with a copy g
Let's put the bench now I do not remember the battery roots
Instructions
With AAA batteries
I have not
Yes and cormorant
Person
I wo n't lose that much
Oh Te Ashima'
ー
Number of sessions
Well sell Let's say Well then First trough the semi
Ah
The site looks like this
Fishing fraud
It is quite noisy
It takes Nde zero magic little bitty I think it is good this solder
Male-female cool also Toka mackerel game
House Day from within the matter without bending
Well order together order
Well I noticed, but I don't have a hamburger at 10:18
Right now, but
If you know how from the movement prefecture please comment
What of the Sacha What happened to N Dazoe
During the sale-
I love you
It's a great first time Lyndon blowback but it
I never hit rush to a person of the blow back this is the first time that I
After all I dislike
Reality has increased
It's a gas-gas to enliven Well degree but I want is in issue really I Well indeed economy
Key too
I'm difficult
Well electric wild grass
eh
Well g 18 open to was the opening & sighting No.
When Well this is also in the
It is recommended because I think I can handle even Toka Sabage
Well then this is the first electric blowback
Thank you for watching the video ending with g 18 or more
So, goodbye